doc: document control plane installation on GCP compute engine, closes HYB-363 (#166)
gatling/frontline-cloud-doc: content/reference/admin/private_locations/installation/gcp/index.md

In this example:
- we use **Compute Engine** to configure a service to run the Gatling Control Plane
- Compute Engine runs our Docker containers on a VM on the **GCP** infrastructure
- the Control Plane configuration file is loaded from a **[Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager)**

This is only an example.

{{< alert tip >}}
We advise you to create a dedicated Gatling project, as permissions give access to secrets and existing Virtual Machines.
{{< /alert >}}

## Secret Manager

{{< alert info >}}
This section shows how to create a new secret on a [Secret Manager](https://cloud.google.com/secret-manager) for the control plane configuration, 
skip if you already have a secret you want to use.
{{< /alert >}}

In the GCP management console, open the [Secret Manager](https://console.cloud.google.com/security/secret-manager) (or search for "Secret Manager" in the search bar). 
Set the right project and click on "Create Secret".

Choose a name for the secret, and upload the [Control Plane configuration]({{< ref "../../configuration/gcp" >}})

Configure other options as preferred.

> Click Create secret.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **CREATE SECRET**.
```

Reviewer: Match the capitalization on the button and bold to indicate a button.

{{< img src="secret-configuration.png" alt="Configuring the secret" >}}

## Service account

We need a service account which will allow a VM to:

> - download the Control Plane's configuration file stored a secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- download the Control Plane's configuration file, stored in a secret
```

- spawn new load generators on GCP when running a simulation

### Role creation

In the GCP management console, open [Roles](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/roles) (or search for "Roles" in the search bar).

> Required permissions: 

Reviewer: Does the user need to enable these permissions? If so: "Enable the following required permissions:"

```
compute.disks.create
compute.instances.create
compute.instances.delete
compute.instances.list
compute.instances.setMetadata
compute.subnetworks.use
compute.subnetworks.useExternalIp
secretmanager.versions.access
```

{{< img src="role-creation.png" alt="Role creation" >}}

## Service account creation

In the GCP management console, open [Service accounts](https://console.cloud.google.com/iam-admin/serviceaccounts) (or search for "Service Accounts" in the search bar). 
Click on "Create service account".

> Fill details with a name, an ID and a description for the control plane service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fill details with:
- a name, 
- an ID, 
- a description of the control plane service account.
```

{{< img src="service-account-details.png" alt="Service account details" >}}

> Then, choose the role previously created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, choose the previously created role.
```

{{< img src="service-account-role.png" alt="Service account role" >}}

> Click on "Done".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click "Done".
```

## VM instance creation

In the GCP management console, open [VM Instances](https://console.cloud.google.com/compute/instances) (or search for "VM instances" in the search bar).
Click on "Create instance".

> Set the name, region and zone of the VM instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the VM instance:
- name, 
- region, 
- zone.
```

Choose a machine type.

{{< alert warning >}}

> Machine type with less than 1 shared core and 2GB of memory may take up to 10 minutes to deploy properly the instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A machine type with less than 1 shared core and 2GB of memory may take up to 10 minutes to deploy the instance properly.
```

_This is due to the startup agent [konlet](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/konlet) deploying container on VM, and toolbox gcloud CLI installation._
{{< /alert >}}

Container, click on "Deploy container".

Set the image to `gatlingcorp/control-plane`, and then click on "Add a volume mount".

Volume type is `Directory`, mount path is set to `/app/conf/control-plane.conf` and host path to `/etc/control-plane/control-plane.conf`.

> Control plane configuration from secret manager will be download to host path further on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The control plane configuration from the secret manager will be downloaded to the host path later.
```

Reviewer: I don't completely understand this, so make sure my change makes sense!

{{< img src="container-configuration.png" alt="Container configuration" >}}

> Configure the Identity and API access to the previously created service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configure the Identity and API access for the previously created service account.
```

{{< img src="vm-identity-api-access.png" alt="Identity API Access" >}}

> Last step is to configure an automation that download the control plane configuration on start.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last step is configuring an automation that downloads the control plane configuration on start.
```

> To do so, go to advanced options, on Management section set Automation startup script to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, go to advanced options in the Management section and set the Automation startup script to:
```

```shell
#! /bin/bash

sudo mkdir /etc/control-plane
sudo touch /etc/control-plane/control-plane.conf

toolbox gcloud version
toolbox gcloud secrets versions access latest --secret=cp-config-file | sudo tee /etc/control-plane/control-plane.conf
```

{{< img src="vm-startup-script.png" alt="Identity API Access" >}}

> This script download the control plane configuration secret from secret manager on disk, on a path mounted on the control plane container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This script downloads the control plane configuration secret from the secret manager on the disk to a path mounted on the control plane container.
```

Reviewer: same comment, make sure I haven't changed the intended meaning

Click on "Create"

## Your Control Plane is up and running!

After a short time, you should see your Control Plane get the "up" status in Gatling Enterprise Cloud.

{{< img src="gcp-control-plane-status.png" alt="Checking out the Control Plane's status in Gatling Enterprise Cloud" >}}

> You can now configure a simulation to run one one or more of this Control Plane's location!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now configure a simulation to run on one or more of this Control Plane's locations!
```
